h1. Mark-a-Spot Readme File

Copyright (c) 2010, 2011 Holger Kreis
http://www.mark-a-spot.org

A map-based platform to display, categorize, rate and comment places in an urban environment

License:    http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.txt GNU Affero General Public License
Version 1.6 

h2. Installation Instructions for development environment

- Copy and replace the app directory in a fresh CakePHP-Installation.
- Create a database (utf8_unicode_ci)


h3. Web based installer

  * go to http://site.com/ within your browser and follow the instructions.

h3. Manual installation

  * Extract the archive. Upload the content to your server.
  * Create a new MySQL database ('utf8_unicode_ci' collation) 
  ** @app/config/sql/mas.sql@
  ** @app/config/schema/mas_data.sql@
  * Rename:
  ** @app/config/database.php.install@ to database.php, and edit the details.
  * Delete @app/config/setup@ 
  * You can access your admin panel at http://your-site.com/ and log in
  as
  ** username: sysadmin@markaspot.org
  ** password: test123


h3. Configure the database

- Change Password in /(subdirectory)/users
- Deactivate scaffolding in app/controllers/users_controller.php
- go to YOUR_SITE/admin/configurator/configurations_ in your browser and change keys and values



h2. Thank you:

h3. Help

- Nina Schröter, Michael Schneidt, Domingos de Oliveira (Aktion Mensch)


h3. Code

Mark-a-Spot makes heavy use of other software, snippets, packages like:

- AJAX Starrating Plugin by Michael Schneidt (schneimi)
  http://bakery.cakephp.org/articles/view/ajax-star-rating-plugin-1

- search-plugin by Github/kalt
  http://github.com/kalt/search
 
- MathCaptcha component by Jamie Nay
  http://jamienay.com/code/math-captcha-component

- Media-Plugin/David Persson
  http://github.com/davidpersson/media

- JQuery Validation Plugin by Matt Curry
  http://github.com/mcurry/js_validate/

- The Tutorial Code of Peter Butler
  http://www.studiocanaria.com/articles/cakephp_auth_component_users_groups_permissions_revisited
  
- Datasource for Twitter by Michael "MiDri" Riddle

- Oauth Component by  Daniel Hofstetter (http://cakebaker.42dh.com)
  
- Bitly Component by Utoxin
  http://www.utoxin.name/2010/04/twitter-and-bitly-components/
  
- REST Api Plugin by Kevin von Zonneveld
  http://github.com/kvz/cakephp-rest-plugin

- Excel Export Tutorial:  
  http://www.dnamique.com/cakephp-export-data-to-excel-the-easy-way/
  
- CakePHP-Plugin Configurator by Marko Markovic
  https://github.com/markomarkovic/cakephp-plugin-configurator

- Install-Plugin (as part of Croogo)by Fahad Ibnay Heylaal
  https://github.com/croogo/croogo licensed under The MIT License


- and lots of knowledge shared in 
	the Google Maps Discussion Group
    http://groups.google.com/group/Google-Maps-API

h3. Icons for use with OSM/Cloudmade API

Icons in /img/icons/cartosoft/ do not apply to the GNU Affero license. 
Please read the mapicon Factory License in that directory.

